CONCEPTS OF ANGULARJS:


Modules – A module can be defined as a container that consists of various application parts.
          The module is a set of functions defined in a JavaScript file. Module divides an application into small and reusable components.
		  
Directives – Directives indicate the compiler to associate a behavior to the DOM element or modify it.
             Angular JS contains several directives such as ng-app, ng-controller, ng-view, ng-if, etc.
			 
Expressions – Angular JS expressions are expressed with {{ }} which indicate a data binding in HTML.
              These expressions can be added into the HTML templates. Expressions do not support control flow statements while support the filters.
			  
Controller – It is a JavaScript object constructor function that controls the AngularJS applications.

Scope – It is a JavaScript object that acts as a bridge between the Controller and the View.
        It is the source of data in AngularJS. Each data manipulation and assignment takes place with the help of Scope object.
		
Data Binding – It coordinates model and view about any changes in either of these two.

Validations- Validations take place with the help of AngularJS forms and controls.

Filters – These let you display the formatting of data on DOM and extend the behavior of directives and binding expressions.
          Filters format the values or apply specific.
		  
Services – These are singletons that are used by directives, controllers, or other services.

Routing – The service $routeProvider handles the operations of Routing. It divides the map into various views.
          It helps split the Single Page Applications into different views.
		  
Dependency Injection – It is a design pattern used to handle the dependencies of various components of a software.
                       It lets you develop loosely-structured architectures.
					   
Testing – The codes developed by Dependency Injections are tested.
          Some of the popular testing frameworks like Jasmine and Karma are two widely-used technologies.